Hey, good morning family.
I just have a video I want to do for you all today.
I've been praying and asking the Lord what he's wanting me to talk to you all about, and so I have a direction I think I need to go.
The next two things I'm going to tell you about were open-eyed visions when I was praying.
I was just praying, just like I am right here in this chair right now, and all of a sudden the Lord opened a portal above me.
I saw a massive portal open because I just asked him, 'How's your day today, Lord?
What were you about?
What were you doing today?
' I was just curious, just talking to him like I normally do, and all of a sudden he said, 'Brandon, I'll show you what I was doing,' and he opened up a banquet portal over my living room.
I saw him—this is pretty cool—I saw him getting our table ready for our banquet.
There were massive tables for a reception for us when we come home.
Every plate was so perfect, but every plate was different.
It was a flower, but my plate that was in front of me, he showed me in the spirit realm.
I looked up and I could see the tables, and the plates were perfect.
It was a perfect lily, but it was almost transparent; it was red and had all the beautiful designs on this plate.
On the plate was a name card, and my name was written on the plate.
It was a reserved seat for me for this banquet that we will partake in when the Rapture of the church happens.
This is one of the first things that happens.
I saw a banquet; he has a party for us.
It is a massive celebration of us coming home.
All of the plates were perfect, like I said, and then we had these glasses, and all the glasses were this fine crystal that I've never seen on this Earth before.
The glasses were beautiful, and you could see the forks, and the forks were perfect.
They had all the forks lined up, and they had a napkin and the plates and all the beautiful place setting.
So everybody had—like I said, you could see the people that I was familiar with from this Earth that were my friends, the people that I know that are born again.
My wife had her place next to me and other people that I love, family members and stuff, and they had their name tags in their reserved plate all around us.
I could just see directly around me all the beautiful stuff, but everybody's stuff was personalized to them.
It wasn't just like one type of plate or one type of glass; it was personalized to the desires of your heart, what was inside of you.
It was beautiful what he had done.
And the centers of the table were these flower arrangements that were the most beautiful flower arrangements—like, white, they were white-looking white roses—and they had this tulle.
There was drapery all coming out of these trees.
There were trees—like these huge, massive oak trees like you would see in Louisiana at those plantation houses.
It was an outside area.
It wasn't like a building or a palace-looking arrangement area.
This reception is outside.
There was green grass all around, there were beautiful trees all up, and they were covering on the top.
There was drapery all coming down from these trees all underneath where the banquet's at.
And there were these diamond-like beads, pearls; there were beautiful pearls hanging out of the trees, all fastened with the tulle, all this beautiful white silk, beautiful mesh.
The pearls were wrapped in it; it was gold, and you could see all the colors.
It was draped, and it was so decorated, so perfect.
It was like a wedding reception.
Everything was just immaculate, gorgeous.
I try to capture and tell you everything the Lord showed me.
This beautiful banquet had some kind of little lights; it sounds really weird, like twinkle lights inside of the tulle and the pearls.
It was absolutely gorgeous.
Everything—the place settings, the vases with flowers and everything—was so precious.
This is his celebration for us when we come home.
Then this is another time I'm praying; these are two different times I was praying.
Again, I always ask the Lord, 'How's your day today?
How are things going?
' Just like I'm talking to a friend—he's my best friend—so it's like you're talking to your friend on the telephone.
I always ask, 'Hey, how's your day today?
What did you do today?
' just like you talk to your wife or your husband to ask how their day was.
So, I asked how his day was just like I did again, and I said, 'Lord, how was your day today?
What all went on?
' All of a sudden, he said, 'Hi, Brandon,' and he started talking to me again.
He said, 'I want to show you what we're doing today,' what was going on in heaven.
He said they're having a reception practice, a parade practice.
He said, 'When you come home in the Rapture, son, we are going to have a massive homecoming party for you when you come into heaven.
Everybody that has died before you, they're waiting for you, and we are going to celebrate all the people—this massive amount of the church that is coming home in the Rapture.
' He said we're going to have a massive parade.
It's a reception, but I could see the people, and they had banners.
He showed me what they were doing.
Jesus was riding a white horse, and he was the head of the reception that they were practicing.
All the people kept saying, 'For the Lord is good and his mercy endureth forever,' as he was riding on this horse in heaven.
I could see the streets of gold.
I could see the people all on both sides of the streets, just like the Macy's Thanksgiving Day Parade.
Both sides of the street had people all lined down.
It looked like a massive town; it looked like a city.
I could see buildings on both sides; there were massive buildings all beautifully designed, kind of like you would see in Europe.
They had old English-style roofs with tile, and it was beautiful.
There were buildings on both sides like a downtown area in heaven.
I could see the people, and Jesus was riding on the gold street on his horse.
People had those kingly banners that said 'King of Kings' and 'Lord of Lords.
' All the banners were going down the street, and people had them like they were celebrating, like they were rejoicing.
And this is going to sound really crazy, but there was confetti in the air.
I could see gold confetti, and people were celebrating.
They were practicing, getting ready for the coming of the church, the people that are on this earth, like a massive reception.
You could see all this stuff going on, and he said, 'We're getting ready for you, son.
We're getting ready for the church.
' I got so excited because I could see all the people rejoicing.
They kept saying, 'For he is good and his mercy endures forever.
' I could hear all the people, and he was riding his horse.
His horse had a bridle that had all these jewels on it.
His horse was beautiful.
The thing in the front of the horse had these beautiful diamonds and all these beautiful emerald-looking things, like sapphires and rubies.
All this beautiful stuff was on the chest of the horse.
He was riding his horse, and the horse was beautiful, going through the town.
He was being worshiped in heaven, and the people just kept saying things like that.
Jesus was in awe of how much he loves us, how much he cares, and all the personal detail he takes the time to love on His people.
People have no idea how much Jesus loves you and how much he takes thought for every detail—from the plates to the forks to the parade.
He's so excited for his children to come home.
He's waiting on us.
When God says, 'Go,' he's coming back for us, and we're going to rule and reign with him forever and ever.
For the King, he is good; Jesus is good, and his mercy endures forever.
There was a bridge with this huge river going through it.
The town was right here.
I could see as I was looking in, and the gold street was going over this bridge.
There was a river going through heaven, this massive river, and the river was flowing.
It was flowing out of the throne—living water.
You could see that there were these steps that went up after this huge bridge over the river.
There was green on both sides and, like I said, there was this town.
I could see it, and there was this beautiful castle-looking thing.
I don't even know what it was, but it was so beautiful.
This massive castle-looking building was over here where he was riding his horse.
All the people were there, and they had their gowns on.
This is what's really amazing too: everybody that was worshiping him had different gowns.
Not one gown was the same; not one robe was the same.
You could see them, and they were beautiful.
There were different colors.
Everybody thinks it's just a white gown, but there were robes with colors.
Like I said, there was no gown the same on these people.
Some people had robes, some people had gowns, but there were more gowns than there were robes.
It looked like there was a lot of people that just had a gown of salvation; they were born again, they had a revelation knowledge of just getting saved.
The people who had robes had beautiful colors on these robes, and there were emblems and things of honor for what you did on the earth, what you did for him.
It was beautiful, all the different stuff, and there were patches; they were thick, beautiful robes.
I couldn't see the people's faces because they were all standing with their backs toward me.
On the other side of the street, I could see the people a little bit, and they were all lining the streets.
So, I look forward to it.
I look forward to it—the peace, the presence.
Oh Jesus, I take myself back when I talk about it; it's like I go back there.
I can feel it, the feeling that I had whenever I could see him on his horse.
When he was on his horse—I'll tell you what Jesus was wearing—he had a crown on.
The crown was beautiful and towered above his head and had all kinds of really cool jewels and things on it.
It was gorgeous.
This crown was gorgeous, and it had this white banner around the bottom of it.
It looked like it was purple and had all kinds of really cool stuff around the bottom of this crown, like fur.
He had a cape on.
When he was on his horse, he had this gold medallion thing in the middle, and his cape went back off of his body and draped down by his legs.
Everything was just so perfect.
So, Father, I thank you right now in the name of Jesus.
I'm going to do a blanket prayer for all the people that have asked for help, all the prayer needs, all of the healings, and the people dying of a disease.
For their loved ones who are far away from the Lord, Father, we thank you.
Lord, you showed me in a vision today like little birds, and I said, 'Father, they're like little birds chirping in a mama's nest, and they're asking, "Help, help, help, cheep, cheep, cheep.
"' I saw them in the spirit, Lord, and I said, 'God, there's so many mouths to feed.
I can't do it all; I don't know what you want me to do.
' And you said to me, 'It's my job, Brandon.
The Holy Spirit will take care of this.
' And I saw that big bird dump a whole bunch of worms on those little babies.
Today I pray that for you: the Holy Spirit's going to meet your every need right where you're at.
Jesus has got this for you.
I call healing over your bodies, I call deliverance over you in Jesus' name.
I call restoration over your marriages; you may be having marriage problems.
I call restoration over your marriages in Jesus' name.
I call blessing over your home in Jesus' name.
Financially, I call it; that the Lord would bless you and keep you, may his face shine upon you and be gracious to you and give you peace.
I call those blessings over their home in Jesus' name.
And we praise the Lord for everything he's already done and what he continues to do in your life in the name of Jesus.
Put a smile on your face and a song in your heart.
Jesus loves you, and I love you, and I'm so thankful that you're a part of my family here.
God bless you all.
Bye-bye.